PyTreefy  is a Python script designed to explore a specified directory, generate a visual representation of its directory tree, and collect all Python scripts (*.py) present in that directory. The collected scripts are then combined with the directory tree structure and written to an output file.

Features
Directory Tree Generation: Creates a visual representation of the directory structure, including subdirectories and files.
Python Script Collection: Collects and concatenates the contents of all Python scripts located in the specified directory.
Output File Creation: Writes the directory tree and collected Python scripts to a single output file.
Installation
Ensure you have Python 3.x installed on your system.

Clone the repository or download the script directly:


git clone https://github.com/infinition/pytreefy.git
cd pytreefy
Usage
To run the script, follow these steps:

Navigate to the script directory:



cd path/to/pytreefy
Run the script:



python pytreefy.py
Provide the required input:
The script will prompt you to enter the path of the directory you wish to explore.

Example:



Entrez le chemin du répertoire à explorer: /path/to/directory
Output:
The script will generate an output file named output.txt in the specified directory. This file will contain the directory tree and the contents of all Python scripts found.

Example


# Run the script
python pytreefy.py

# Sample input prompt
Entrez le chemin du répertoire à explorer: /home/user/projects

# Output
Les scripts ont été collectés et écrits dans /home/user/projects/output.txt
Script Details
generate_directory_tree(root_dir)
This function generates a visual representation of the directory tree.

Parameters: root_dir (str): The root directory to explore.
Returns: A string representing the directory tree structure.
collect_python_scripts(directory)
This function collects and concatenates the contents of all Python scripts in the specified directory.

Parameters: directory (str): The directory to search for Python scripts.
Returns: A string containing the concatenated contents of all Python scripts.
write_to_output_file(output_file, text)
This function writes the provided text to the specified output file.

Parameters:
output_file (str): The path to the output file.
text (str): The text to write to the file.
Example Output
The output.txt file generated by the script will have the following structure:



Arborescence des fichiers:

directory/
    subdirectory1/
        file1.py
        file2.txt
    subdirectory2/
        file3.py
    file4.py

# File: file1.py
# Path: /path/to/directory/subdirectory1/file1.py
<contents of file1.py>

# File: file3.py
# Path: /path/to/directory/subdirectory2/file3.py
<contents of file3.py>

# File: file4.py
# Path: /path/to/directory/file4.py
<contents of file4.py>
  
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
